I wanna start with ES Modules.
What are ES Modules?
Well, in the end, it's a concept
coming from the browser side JavaScript code.
There we can also import and export files.
And it's relatively new that we can do that there.
Six years ago, that wasn't really a thing
in the browser side.
But now, we can import and export there,
and in modern JavaScript in the browser,
the import/export syntax does not look like
the syntax we use in Node JS.
Instead, in the browser, we export something
from one file to another file, with this syntax,
and we then import it in that other file with this syntax.
Now there are various variations
of this import/export syntax,
and in my "JavaScript, the Complete Guide" course,
you can learn all about that.
It's all about JavaScript, and it therefore covers
all JavaScript features, including this ES module
import/export syntax in all different variations
you can learn it.
In addition, if you Google for Node ES modules,
you will also find the official Node.js documentation
for ES modules, and there you can also learn all about it,
though I will show you the core essentials,
and walk through those together with you in this module.
Just want to point you at those extra resources,
which can also be interesting.
With that, however, let's now dive in
and let's see how we can utilize this syntax
in our Node projects to switch away from that
require and module exports syntax,
which we use throughout the entire course,
though not without saying one important thing first.
The syntax you'll learn in this course
and this way of importing and exporting
with const, require, module exports,
what we did in this course is the de facto standard
for Node projects.
Switching to this newer syntax,
which I'm about to show you in this module,
is optional, and you can do it,
but the vast majority of projects, as I mentioned already,
will use that other syntax.
So this is really just an option here, not mandatory.